For my push button, I used a pull-down resistor. I chose this configuration because it was easier to implement than a pull up resistor. Apparently, Arduino’s already have built in pull up resistors, which you could implement using INPUT_PULLUP when you’re configuring your pin mode. The pull-down resistor works by connecting the circuit so that the pin has access to power and is grounded. When you implement a pull up resistor, it connects the directly to the ground so the energy has an easier place to go than through the resistor to the pin.

The pins are associated with different variables. This was done in the skeleton code that was provided for us. On the hardware side of things, each of the pins is connected to by totally separate buttons. Thus, pin mode A5 and A3 (right and left wheels) are completely uncorrelated to Pin mode A2 and A6 (up and down sensors). 

In the skeleton code, there is a perception phase, a planning phase, and an action phase all encompassed by an Arduino loop. In the perception phase, the variables for the buttons are assigned to withier or not they are turned on or off. In the planning phase, there are finite state machines which transition states depending on which buttons are pushed or not. In order to transition out of a given state, the button inputs and outputs need to be in a different order than they were to get into that state. Each state has a way to transition in and a way to transition out. Finally, depending on what state is determined by the finite state machines, the action stage has a switch statement (or another finite state machine) which turns on or off certain LEDS depending upon the state determined by the planning stage. And thus, there is a dependency between the perception, planning, and action phases of the code.

First of all, one hour per week is not enough time to work on the lab. It took me around 15 hours to finish Lab 2. Second, I would love if the professor went over the slides just a little bit more at the start of each new lab. I know it’s a self-paced environment, but why do we all have to look at the same PowerPoint slides at the same time when professor could just present them to the class? Third, the photos of the breadboard used to illustrate what we are constructing are shown with the breadboard in different positions throughout the PowerPoint. This can cause students to confuse their positive and negative positions on the rails of their breadboard. Finally, the rails on the breadboard, unlike as otherwise stated in the lab, as not connected to one another. That means that 3 jumper cables for both positive and negative need to be strung across the breadboard in order to connect your circuit. I understand that figuring those things out yourself can provide a learning experience, but the lack of support can prove frustrating.
